Document Supermarket upgrade process (#2392)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/supermarket.md

To install a Private Supermarket, see the instructions
[here](/install_supermarket/).

Upgrading Private Supermarket
------------------------------

> 1. Get a backup of /var/opt/supermarket with the system shut down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Shut down the server running Private Supermarket and backup the `/var/opt/supermarket` directory.
```

> 1. Read the release notes for any special considerations at github.com/chef/supermarket/RELEASE_NOTES.

Reviewer: This release note page doesn't exist. Maybe the best thing is to direct people towards towards Infra Client release notes or maybe the changelog. https://github.com/chef/supermarket/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md

Author: Yeah, changelog is good. Don't know where I got release notes from

> 1. Get the new Supermarket package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the new Supermarket package
```
How should they do this? Maybe `knife supermarket download supermarket-omnibus-cookbook` ?

Author: It can be found at downloads.chef.io

1. Upgrade your system with the new package

> 1. `supermarket-ctl reconfigure`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Reconfigure](/ctl_supermarket/#reconfigure) the server that Chef Supermarket is installed on:

    `supermarket-ctl reconfigure`
```

> 1. For good measure `systemctl list-units | grep runsvdir` then, using the unit name you find, do `systemctl restart UNIT_NAME`. This will restart the entire Supermarket software system from runsvdir, to the runsv and svlogd that are associated with each service process. This will avoid any mismatch between what is in memory and what is on disk for the Supermarket system.

Reviewer: This should be split up. I may have the details wrong below, but this reads better as a set of instructions.
```suggestion
Private Supermarket should be updated on your server now. We recommend restarting the services that run Chef Supermarket to ensure that the old installation of Chef Supermarket doesn't persist in the server memory.

1. Get the name of the active unit: 

    `systemctl list-units | grep runsvdir` 

1. Restart the unit: 

    `systemctl restart UNIT_NAME`. 

This will restart the `runsvdir`, `runsv`, and `svlogd` service processes that run Chef Supermarket.
```
